Clarify SMs/CUs/EUs belonging to nVidia/AMD/Intel. (#374)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0100-v3-flavor-naming.md

- pass-through (`G`) vs. virtual GPU (`g`)
- vendor (X)
- generation (N)

> - no. (M) of compute units (CUs) / streaming multiprocessors (SMs) / execution units (EUs) - that are exposed (for pass-through) or assigned

Reviewer: I think I would prefer to use a generic term (i.e., one that is not vendor-specific). Then we can mention that the vendors use other terms for the "same" thing (the thing that we want to distinguish, however "same").

Reviewer 2: I agree, I will ask our GPU expert for such a name.

Reviewer 2: Let's choose "processing units".

```suggestion
- no. (M) of processing units that are exposed (for pass-through) or assigned. A processing unit performs computational work. Vendors may have specific names for processing units, such as execution units (EUs) by Intel or "streaming multiprocessors (SMs)" by NVIDIA calls.
```

Author: As there are three major GPU vendors, shouldn't we have examples for all three in the text to treat them equally?

Reviewer 2: I agree and will figure out, how AMD calls processing units.

Reviewer: Anja, I have already incorporated this point. This whole PR has been merged. It's done!
